I think you drink grape sour because you can't eat grapes, right?
Just your virtue
No wonder my daughter won't let you touch her hands
West wind, west wind
Three years ago, you were a loser
And three years later, no more disease.
What qualifications do you have to say to me?
You don't look at yourself
Just you pauper
I don't deserve to be a wimp at all
In that case, third grade Zhao Tianhua touches you
Why are you screaming?
Hahaha ok
Death also makes you king, ghost, die a little clearer
Website from three years ago
That's me and Guo Jing. I don't know how many times we have invaded
Is that screaming?
You're fucking blown away by me
Why do you still want to hit me?
I see you are still not afraid of death.
Believe it or not, I peeled your skin off
Well, Tianhua auspicious time has come
Let's hurry to the Harbin Hotel
Stop wasting time with this trash
Hello, is that Xu Feng?
I am awake
Do you have time now?
I want you to save my father's life